README.md, before:

<div  align="center">

  <heading>
    <a href="https://khamen.github.io/write-now/"><img src="./src/assets/favicon/android-chrome-192x192.png" alt="logo" width="200"></a>
    <h1>write it</h1>
  </heading>

  <p style="font-weight:bold">Kickstart your writing practice, with the help of <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/" target="_blank">/r/writingprompt</a>.</p>

![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-46464a?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![tailwind css](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-46464a?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=#06B6D4)
![reddit api](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit_API-46464a?style=flat&logo=reddit&logoColor=#FF4500)
![react query](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-46464a?style=flat&logo=reactquery&logoColor=FF4154)

  <br/>
  <img src="./src/assets/big-screen-screenshot.png" alt="homepage screenshot">

</div>

## Key Features

- Writing prompts
  - Selected from the top posts of the writing prompt subreddit.
- Notepad
  - Your writings can be exportedgit as a markdown file
- Countdown timer
- Word counter

Commit message:

(feat) Add auto non-distraction mode

README.md, after:

<div  align="center">

  <heading>
    <a href="https://khamen.github.io/write-now/"><img src="./src/assets/favicon/android-chrome-192x192.png" alt="logo" width="200"></a>
    <h1>write it</h1>
  </heading>

  <p style="font-weight:bold">Kickstart your writing practice, with the help of <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/" target="_blank">/r/writingprompt</a>.</p>

![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-46464a?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![tailwind css](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-46464a?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=#06B6D4)
![reddit api](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit_API-46464a?style=flat&logo=reddit&logoColor=#FF4500)
![react query](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-46464a?style=flat&logo=reactquery&logoColor=FF4154)

  <br/>
  <img src="./src/assets/big-screen-screenshot.png" alt="homepage screenshot">

</div>

## Key Features

- Prompts
  - Selected from the top posts of the writing prompt subreddit.
- Writer
  - Your writings can be exported as a markdown file
- Countdown timer
- Word counter
- Auto non-distraction mode
  - Everything, aside from prompt and writer, is dimmed automatically when you write
